Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, so I'm trying to find a comfortable spot outside. Um, my mom kind of made a late night last night and
Ashley Bitakis: Everything's really hectic at this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe it.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, it's kind of out of control. And then I guess we're moving now. So there's like a lot of different things happening all at once. And I'm kind of okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: On. Do you want to move
Ashley Bitakis: But we put up the cigarettes are going
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, yeah, so I guess his brother will. Yes. I don't want to be in this hotel anymore. I would like to, I would like to be in a home where on the kids have space.
Ashley Bitakis: As well as dreams and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just those keep it basic. Are you saying that you're because you didn't say where you're moving and whether you want to be moving. I know you don't want to live in a Hotel, motel. I get that, but I'm asking you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to be moving right now. And because where you're going is positive. Where are you moving
Ashley Bitakis: So his brother. Um, I think I had told you that James just like working at the restaurant. The feeling restaurant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and there. Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: Because of the corona. The restaurant is obsolete. So his brother, who's the manager at the restaurant moved to Vegas Vegas with his mom and his sister. So while he's out there. He doesn't have a
Ashley Bitakis: Tiger, I guess he'll be out there for more than a month. Okay. And he wanted us to I guess kind of house it for the time being.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: We're supposed to be moving
Ashley Bitakis: Again, I'm not just sure more details, but we're supposed to be moving to his brother's house for the time being, until we go back
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is your mother in your circle right now. Why is she anywhere near you. Why is that happening.
Ashley Bitakis: Because we're looking at like her husband's really abusive to her. And so she came like she came
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, this is the third time now that she's and this is why you kind of wanted to have a private conversation because they don't and her to film.
Ashley Bitakis: And you type away. You know what I mean, where but she told me that they've been putting a lot and you know he's he's kind of a drunk.
Ashley Bitakis: So they've been doing a lot of a lot of coke and all this drinking and so she came over, like at one o'clock in the morning. Last night after being released from the hospital.
Ashley Bitakis: So here she isn't.
Even
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a short term situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a long
Gwenevere Abriel: Term pattern. Okay. Nothing. No big thing you do or don't do, I'm going to tell you nothing you do or don't do is going to make a difference, one way or the other. For your mother.
Ashley Bitakis: You know that i know i mean that I know it's you know she's been she's been who she is. And I've expected accepted her since she was
Ashley Bitakis: There, since I was 15 years old you know she's okay. I know, I know, I know who she is and I do know that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now let's focus on you for a second because it, it can get very distracting having all of this dramatic violence substance use high anger high sadness high fear, all of those big things going on around you. But let's not forget you at the center of your recovery is you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you and I began a discussion and I want to know. Was it dropped immediately. Did you give it any further thought or do you not even remember the topic.
Ashley Bitakis: Know about going to an inpatient facility.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just curious where that whether it continued in a thinking stage or if it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Like where did it go from there.
Ashley Bitakis: Um,
Ashley Bitakis: You know i i know that's the right thing to do in my heart. I mean, you know, I do have, I do have a conscience in
Ashley Bitakis: It. And I know that's the right thing to do.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so stops there so
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I get it. Look it. That's the read the reason why you can't articulate the reason why you're so distressed, it speaks to the very need
Gwenevere Abriel: As to why you need that level of care anyway. You are in a serious conflict between what you believe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I love my children. I want a family. I want stability and the reality of your behavior in your life. It's just there in deep conflict and I get it now. I'm not judging you have any judgment. Of course, of course. You love your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just a wish. I wish you had enough sobriety right now to be able to see some glimmer of hope that that this chaos that you're in can come to an end.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it won't, it won't be by the next, you know, 30 days you're moving over to another house.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could make it worse. It could get worse. Now there's a drug dealers your brother's house is just as likely
Gwenevere Abriel: And then damage the relationship with your brother. His brother. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the people that you're hanging with this fella could track her down and up over there. It's just a it's chaos is absolute.
Ashley Bitakis: It good for
Gwenevere Abriel: You that way.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm sure. Thank you.
Ashley Bitakis: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We've been here before. And we were here right as you. I remember you were sitting in a car and you weren't your normal self. You were very little animation and you were, you were on your way was the last time I saw you before you you left the state.
Gwenevere Abriel: And although you didn't say it. I will tell you we're done, we were done with us. You were going to leave and there's nothing I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this is your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have some self destruction going on is that what's playing out like you let it get really bad like close to death or something and then God will come and rescue you, like how close you going to let this go
Ashley Bitakis: I think I mean honestly a
Ashley Bitakis: Little basic. This is exactly what I'm used to.
Ashley Bitakis: This has been my the highs and lows and my mom dealing with she's dealing with is absolutely what I'm used to. And
Ashley Bitakis: I was able to break away from that.
Ashley Bitakis: And
Ashley Bitakis: You know through creating my own family.
Ashley Bitakis: And having my own career.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, since that's falling apart. It's just, it's very, very, very almost natural to me to be in this situation.
Ashley Bitakis: And
Ashley Bitakis: This is, this is what I know this is this chaos is exactly
Ashley Bitakis: Exactly what I'm comfortable with almost
Ashley Bitakis: Everything in me at this time.
Ashley Bitakis: Is is like you said, is it's a fight. It's a fight between
Ashley Bitakis: What I what I know is right and
Ashley Bitakis: I'm not doing the right thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do you have any memory of when you were working. Do you remember some of those times where are you sober do have some recollection of that period of your
Ashley Bitakis: Life. Oh yeah, I'm up until the last like, month I'm working, you know, Presbyterian as a phlebotomist I was sober and
Ashley Bitakis: I didn't fall deep into matrix and until about the last month of my employment.
And
Ashley Bitakis: Orthopedics and that last month is when you know I had left I left robber and Lucy evicted And then the next boyfriend came back into my life and you just go save the last month.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was around the object of your affection. It was around your attachment to your with the rounds. It was around your partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't like the idea. It's really uncomfortable for you to just hang out with you and do your thing.
Ashley Bitakis: With someone
Ashley Bitakis: You know I that took a long time for me to get used to the idea of being in enjoying
Ashley Bitakis: Being alone and for a very brief period.
Ashley Bitakis: I did enjoy just the time with me and my kids, but then
Ashley Bitakis: You know,
Ashley Bitakis: It's like I have all these chances are he had all these chances to really strive and do things that I currently really like to be doing. And I just fell right back into
Ashley Bitakis: The Chaos and it all in three drugs.
Ashley Bitakis: And you know, that's what I had met James and, you know, a new relationship sturdy.
Gwenevere Abriel: If instead you knew and
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I was
Gwenevere Abriel: In your life at that point, I wish you
Ashley Bitakis: Had
Gwenevere Abriel: The support when you were going through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Separation so that you could spend time alone developing who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could reference more history more confidence around kind of being on your own, so that you can get to know yourself.
Ashley Bitakis: Because right now, I'm pretty sure
Gwenevere Abriel: What's happening is you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we did it last time I heard a little bit of it, you
Ashley Bitakis: Can possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't stand the idea of not
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being with James and James might not want you if you went to rehab it's it's it
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in
Gwenevere Abriel: A moment you start to have like a knee jerk reaction to
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't lose them.
Ashley Bitakis: And
Ashley Bitakis: There's consequences to that. That's my there's consequences to warning that there's going to be repercussions. It's not, they're not going to be an easy thing it's, there's going to be repercussions.
Ashley Bitakis: My biggest worry is is that if that were to be made those repercussions are going to happen. I think that's going to happen. Am I going to remain sober enough to fight through it and am I going to remain confident enough in my own self to just be alone with my kids as well.
Ashley Bitakis: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is the weird part, you know, you identify and know what I met you. First, your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your spiritual connection was, you know, you can under the words you have a great, great, great big brain and you have a grasp on really cool vocabulary. It's not the same thing as living faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might not even identify with Christianity or Catholicism or Judaism or something. But I should know what faith is it's the abyss of the unknown and you jump. Anyway, that's, that's how you know you've got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now it's you're doing what you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of knowing deep inside that you're worth more that your children are worth more. It's just, you can't believe it's true that there could be goodness that there could be health
Gwenevere Abriel: That the biggest thing that people are worrying about right now is the germs coming in out of the house. Many people are worried about their finances and they're worried about maybe a little argument about why didn't you walk the dog or a dish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you looked at that girl, a little funny, that's a lot of what a lot of people are worried about your type of trauma is just surrounding this substance, the rest of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I know we're saying the same thing. You can tolerate it. But what's missing is faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't believe it's true. How could it be true. This feels so real. At least I've got this this other thing, man. It's the unknown.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I had had a little bit more time that we could reel that in and use it. My guess is you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna leave us alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right is keeping you the focus is going to be even harder for you. You may make it another month or so, but I think, you know, leaving us again.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, and
Ashley Bitakis: Thank you for the honesty, I appreciate it. Appreciate that, appreciate you being in my face like that because I
Ashley Bitakis: Really do interested in what you just said, and nobody's ever just true faith to me that way. And I like to think that I I have faith. But when you when you describe it like that. Not at all.
Ashley Bitakis: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you can't see the bridge. She can't see your way over, you just put your hands up and you walk anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: You surrender.
Gwenevere Abriel: Surrender
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are. You just can't believe it. You can't believe you're going to be there for you that this thing, this weird thing that this this love thing this unconditional love thing you never had it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't understand it. You may know it in a textbook, you may know it reading a little fairy tale to a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may say, oh, I want you to love me unconditionally. But it starts from loving you that way. And then you expect it from other people. And, Dan, you show it to your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: It starts with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish, I wish there was some way to get you out of there and not having hit, hit that point where you finally surrender.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you believe you'll just keep doing your thing, I'll, I'll, I'll be good to James and I'll, I'll be a good daughter and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be good today and and that'll get you what you really need a hold on to this person at least I've got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you, what do you think of James that he
Gwenevere Abriel: He mentioned some weeks ago, maybe you could go to a mental health facility. He said, non substance use, which is kind of odd but
Yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's, that's some of his own stuff.
Ashley Bitakis: Um,
Ashley Bitakis: I
Ashley Bitakis: Mean what I I truly think that was all bullshit nothing okay guys really said fuck it matters at all from one day to another, from one hour to the next. I don't think anything's very real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: But I do know the one thing
Ashley Bitakis: That is very real.
Ashley Bitakis: That is very real to him.
Ashley Bitakis: Is that he's not gonna he will not just let me leave and they're not be these repercussions to pay
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, he does come from a family that has, you know, they have money in. So he does have a lawyer and he's
Ashley Bitakis: You know he's me.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm certain third city is holding through is in the past, you know, when I was living with my grandma. So when he tells me
Ashley Bitakis: Try to leave. I'm not going to let you if you do leave. Then there's going to be repercussions to pay
Ashley Bitakis: As a mom to my children with, you know, the threat of them in taken away from me by legal standards, I do believe him. I do, I do believe that it's very
Ashley Bitakis: Much a real thing.
Ashley Bitakis: And
Ashley Bitakis: Um,
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're talking about domestic violence, you're talking about someone who's using power and control over you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm glad to hear you say it because you were dancing around it this year around that calling a repercussions, but he's now that's what he says. But that is to keep you around. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you said it but you, you said it. The next step would be, I don't want your equivalent of of women in distress is out there and it's it's not true. He's going to be more worried about his
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting his next
Gwenevere Abriel: Myth hit
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not going to be putting money he really think money into taking your kids from where he
Gwenevere Abriel: All you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do is anybody would have to drug test them and the guy is going to be positive for math.
Ashley Bitakis: True, and he you set it up to where
Ashley Bitakis: He's told his mom that I've stolen from her bank account. He's told his nomination for Mr which is absolutely false and I've never had. I've never had access to any any funds, whether there are funds or his mom's I've never had any access to that so
Ashley Bitakis: What I said was going to happen is, he would use.
Ashley Bitakis: This kind of setup that he's made me out to be
Ashley Bitakis: Mm hmm. To
Ashley Bitakis: You know, to tell his mom that I learned in wild trumpet or something crazy and she either going to take action.
Ashley Bitakis: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's his story. Your story just as likely could be the following.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stuck with it. Let's say you stuck with it last time you changed you changed your environment or you tolerate and living with him until you. Maybe you went and you got another certification some education. You got yourself a job and then slowly you started saving money.
You move out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were getting drugs drug screened and maybe it was through validated means these little cups aren't going to cut it. You go to a lab and then you can present that
Ashley Bitakis: Information
To her if she ever wondered
Gwenevere Abriel: And you could you could take her to the bank and say, I'm going to try and get money. Watch me. I'm going to show my ID you stand right here.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to get money from this account. I can't because I don't have a joint account. I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: There are other stories you could spend your time thinking I get what you're saying he's scaring you but that's the intention, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your life are you thinking about the next strategy, wherever you can. Are you really kind of thinking about that.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, and even before calling you. I heard before getting back into the program, I
Ashley Bitakis: I had been in
Ashley Bitakis: And they had really thought that
Ashley Bitakis: Um, he wanted the same, you know, I thought that he wanted a divorce, too. But coming. I was gone for four days and coming back to the home, which are motel.
Ashley Bitakis: And realize that, no. That's never going to happen every just, you know, signed course paper papers and
Ashley Bitakis: Let it be that easy.
Ashley Bitakis: Well, it's it's caught. It's kind of constantly in my mind actually
Gwenevere Abriel: So people that are in here it's women in distress out there.
I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Help ever tell us Rio Rancho Santa Fe crisis response of Santa Fe, they might have information. Um, I don't know what you guys call the women's crisis center out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But typically, what they do is they they kind of in your mind. They because you don't want to write anything down, obviously.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have you have in mind what what you can start to do as far as paperwork stashing money keys, things like that so that eventually when the time is right and you know when it is we won't be able to know that you'll be able to assess risk and then you go, you don't look back.
But
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see how much of what we're saying is spot on with his mother because his mother has your kids right
Ashley Bitakis: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So your grandmother has has them.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so, so, so, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So what can accuse you of hurting the kids can't what what it, what it missing money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drug addict. You know what's worse is credibility. I mean, know if you are getting yourself straight, you're getting yourself right and even better. You show that you went to rehab and if any ever accuses you of something
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in a program your program and adds to your
Gwenevere Abriel: Credibility. If anything, it
Ashley Bitakis: Doesn't make me look worse three
Gwenevere Abriel: Not to me. No, in fact, you know what, just struck me it just, I just got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You went into just a mental health rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've just got what his agenda could be to make you look incredible
Ashley Bitakis: Compared to
Ashley Bitakis: To have different
Ashley Bitakis: Because they didn't make sense to me either. So why wouldn't he be pushing for
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: I hadn't thought about that before. I mean, it doesn't mean it's true. It's just all the sudden like I had to turn that kind of cynical.
Ashley Bitakis: Know that that actually makes a lot of sense. That's the only thing that makes sense because I thought the same thing. I was like, why, why not want rehab.
Ashley Bitakis: I want this, you know,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because. So, for example,
Ashley Bitakis: When
Gwenevere Abriel: You use the way you're talking right now. Earlier when you're you're using this phrases that are kind of skirting around and such. You may have been protecting yourself in case someone would hear you and I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you're honest with yourself and your direct and you don't, you need to do your very logical reasonable person, including trying to protect your kids. I get all that all understandable, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're in a in a cycle right now that you may not be able to see the way out, and I don't want you to get hurt. I don't want you to get so dead that you can't come back from this decision they need a mom.
Ashley Bitakis: And I need them like I haven't even told me you know people. But, you know, like with my ex. And then, you know, G was me. My mom like everyone's telling me like I'm crazy like
Ashley Bitakis: You know,
Ashley Bitakis: Increasing crazy or I'm out of control, or I'm not this logical person that I. It's hard. It's hard to see that.
Ashley Bitakis: Everyone around me.
Ashley Bitakis: Telling me. I'm so and logical
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know. I don't know what you're doing now. I'm assuming what you're doing and how you're doing a line of this align to that and you're doing coke and you're doing some math, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing opiates.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can understand all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes sense to me. What I don't know behind the scenes. If you're the one running the game I have that I'm trusting you I'm trusting that what you're doing with me right now is genuine and honest, I have to believe that
Gwenevere Abriel: The piece here is you having faith that everything's going to be okay. You just don't know how that's faith. I know it will be okay. I don't know how. And that's the rub.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to know before it's happening. None of us feel it's just one little step after the other. It's next right thing it's right thing will happen. And that might seem like why does she keep saying that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's all there is to do. You don't know neither of us know, you could have this great plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And five different things could go sideways. Those are not things that we can control all you can control is the next right thing
Gwenevere Abriel: You went ahead and you took the call maybe from Braveheart health you showed up here. I love it. I love that you did that, but that's the sum total of all this is what would be the next right thing
Gwenevere Abriel: I could look up a couple of places did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, bring, could you kind of pull that insurance card out. Can you memorize the number
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's little tricks that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can start to do and it's all all possible one and you
Ashley Bitakis: Know, can I can get that for you really quickly. Sure.
Ashley Bitakis: Sorry. Um, do you want me to take off my video.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever works for you.
Ashley Bitakis: I don't know God only knows what's happening inside so I better give me one second.
Ashley Bitakis: Sorry.
Ashley Bitakis: I need my
Ashley Bitakis: Phone. Once you get to
Ashley Bitakis: Choose what yeah I just seen my insurance card really quick. I guess given insurance information.
Ashley Bitakis: Insurance information.
Gwenevere Abriel: The back of the card is it which last name, does it
Ashley Bitakis: I haven't changed it me
Ashley Bitakis: I haven't changed my legal name to my married name on anything. Okay. I don't know why.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm on the phone. So I was talking to
Ashley Bitakis: Him on the phone. Okay, are you ready for it. What is it, the group, is it the member name member ID Medicaid ID.
Ashley Bitakis: Number.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have group number
Ashley Bitakis: group number eyes and ink N as in Nancy
Ashley Bitakis: Oh,
Ashley Bitakis: As an octopus in as in mom 1814
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking in documents right now to see
Ashley Bitakis: Already have
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Ashley Bitakis: I see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I see the front of it. I can see member ID 332125768
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happily deposit
Ashley Bitakis: That's my primary care provider.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sorry. Sorry. Yeah, okay, I see your name I've talked my bad. Um,
Ashley Bitakis: Let me just see something
Gwenevere Abriel: While I only have the front because, see, I don't have any phone numbers.
Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, here we go. The back. I just see it.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I forgot that we had agreed that I would do this and I completely spaced it alright so I actually have access to this. You didn't need to get that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We're good. If you want to head back outside and just leave the bag in there if they
Ashley Bitakis: Feel better about
Ashley Bitakis: Um, I would love to except for my phones during and it low percent and then plugged in. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I'm just going to share some concepts with you, then all
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, you're just listening right now. I can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's your in Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't want you to say anything that puts you in danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: With they're probably going to say well you know who who's giving you consent to get this information. I'm going to see if I can just get a generally
Gwenevere Abriel: By the end, she's great.
Ashley Bitakis: Anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's okay. I'm looking at the card. I got a do have a copy of it. I'm looking at the copy right now nine to 350 200
Let's see if I can get something here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Customer service.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Steve. My name is
Gwenevere Abriel: Calling from an organization where I'm sitting I'm speaking with a client through Telehealth. I'm sure you have a lot of clients using zoom. These days, huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, people aren't really allowed to see each other to too much with them cities, kind of going on lockdown. So you're going to probably be hearing people that are using Telehealth a lot more
Gwenevere Abriel: My point is, is that I have a client that is interested in. I'd like to take advantage of this moment to learn more about a residential care that might be available.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm sorry, my phone just kidding users.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the name of your guys's women in distress equivalent out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Es la CE.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How far away is that from Albuquerque, or is there like multiple locations you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Now kind of hoping some will come back in here but
Gwenevere Abriel: Just trying to get a few things available to to a client. I don't really want to say it out loud because it's so high risk that if you accidentally say it. And this person's around you will mean to do it, but you might put her in danger, so I'm not gonna say anything. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess we'll go. But I do want to talk with you that that bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not yet. Let's see. Test test test test test test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can't hear you either
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's play with us a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, hit the mute button. See what happens if you hit the mute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: The cutest thing ever, surely be you.
Too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me say something
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me just a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about I do see how about I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Share
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
moto e5 cruise: Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: OK, I can hear you. I can see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Oh wow, that's really cool. I wonder what happened.
moto e5 cruise: Why, my phone died. I'm so sorry I haven't on the charger now and then I just use my mom's phone. So how to download zoom and then I
moto e5 cruise: Like, and then I had to allow the zoom app to do the audio and video and call it was
moto e5 cruise: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Oh, so I spoke
Gwenevere Abriel: Quickly with
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried to talk with someone and
Gwenevere Abriel: In the referral services and they were making me wait too long so I
Pulled up
Gwenevere Abriel: Not answering so
Gwenevere Abriel: tried that and spoke
Gwenevere Abriel: With Dr Arielle and she
Gwenevere Abriel: Mentioned this place for counseling, but it's only
Gwenevere Abriel: Counseling. I don't think we're close to what we're looking for.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking, the only place that I know is in
Gwenevere Abriel: This is so tricky, right now, because the demand is so high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of all the crisis that's going on right people could be abusing the system and really using it as a mainstay so there's there's a lot of challenges right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's a place called hoy recovery in Espanola I know that's not close by, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's delayed in New Mexico. There's a place mental health resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: In for tell us we can check them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a place in Rio Rancho called family violence prevention.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know I can't tell you the number
One, if there's a catchy phrase for it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I think what might work is you and I schedule another time when your phone is charged
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to be moving you're immediately safe as long as you're compliant, you're going to be safe right you behave the way he wants you to
Gwenevere Abriel: You get your tough it out. Okay. So if that's the case, if it's not obviously know the police, fire rainbows emergency department. But if if you want. If you decide to stay until it's the same time to leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: The United. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you and I will schedule another time. And I can be calling these places like the family violence prevention team and see if they have some resources because it sounds like what you're going to need is
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly a shelter, whether it's a night or two nights just to get you to get you somewhere else.
moto e5 cruise: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll your mind and get clear on what a plan is. So why don't we schedule another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: When are you going to be moved in.
Gwenevere Abriel: When are you going to be in the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And his father's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: My frozen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Frozen frozen Frozen frozen Frozen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so when
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take this for you. When will you be in house. When will you be moved in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
moto e5 cruise: Um,
moto e5 cruise: I'm thinking, I honestly have no idea. Maybe
moto e5 cruise: Within the next couple days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so two days. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know. I'll get to see you tomorrow.
moto e5 cruise: For
moto e5 cruise: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, that's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we'll do is, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can possibly. Let me see who's coming in right before that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just make sure you're there, on at least a half hour early
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe check in and nothing gets in the way. And then, you know, let your, you know, let James know that your medication is bridge to that appointment and that you need to
moto e5 cruise: Meet her
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll know because right he can look at the prescription. It'll only be for a few days. You can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Although my guess is you don't need any right now is a right
moto e5 cruise: Yeah, you actually after you're done with this call. I will go pick up my prescription is available to pick up today.
moto e5 cruise: We're talking about are we talking about 730 tomorrow morning on Wednesday.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see. I know not tomorrow.
moto e5 cruise: Nevermind Thursday. Yeah.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: X appointment is Thursday at 11 in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was trying to come up with a way that you would be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear some information while
I'm calling
moto e5 cruise: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I can figure it out. I'm not too worried about it. I just need set a time. I'm just really, really busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it would be too crazy to schedule something like nine o'clock on Saturday.
moto e5 cruise: Um no I don't, I don't think so. I think it'll be fine.
Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so march 28 and I obviously won't be using this number you do you do what you need to do to stay safe. Now, what I'll do is I'm going to be calling so it'll look like you're in, zoom, like normal, and I'll be calling
moto e5 cruise: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can just listen in. I'll be calling the hotline and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put the phone up and you can talk to him. If you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can kind of work it like that. So it's through here. So it still looks like. All you're doing is logging into zoom. OK.
moto e5 cruise: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, well, we'll get this figured out but but honestly, none of this is worth it if your life really is in danger than just get your butt out of there. Okay.
moto e5 cruise: Okay, it will be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. I'll
moto e5 cruise: Make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll see you on Thursday. Right.
moto e5 cruise: I'll see you. Yes, will see you Thursday for group at 11. Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. You're welcome.